

ssss Shady aftermath
G-Unit! Haha

(Chorus)
Cause we came here to set this party off right
let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in thru the front we'll come thru the side
Cause I don't ever wanna leave the game without a least sayin' good bye
So all my people on the left all my people on the right scream one last time.

Get your ass up for the Doctor
One more time Get your ass up for the Doctor
come on now, here we go
cliffhanger it's another club banger
got you hangin on the edge of your seat
get on down

Time's up, game's over, you lose i win
bout to show these knuckle heads how to do this here
oooh yeah, new year
next phase begin
look who's got you goin crazy again
i'm a trend, i set one every time i'm in
i go out and just come back in full circle again
if you a fad that means it's something that we already had
but once your gone you don't come back
too bad you're off the map now
radar can't even find you
we stay on the grind
you slip we out grind you
you walk around mad you let your anger blind you
we walk around just playin the violin behind you
enough with all the pissin and moanin, whinin and bitchin
sit observe, listen you'll learn if you pay attention
why i'm sittin multi-platinum, later 3 diamond worldwide
we're on the charts with a bullet and still climbin

(chorus)

When Dr. Dre says "Crunk!"  you will get it crunk (get it crunk, crunk, crunk)
and when 50 Cent says "Jump!" you will get on one foot and jump! (jump, jump, jump)
Applause is tremendous , we drop you all the senses
i don't gotta promote it for you to know that Doc is off the benches
we keep the party rockin off the hinges
we ain't showin off we're just goin off popular consensus
but critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk, Doc is all washed up
knock it off! Who the fuck is Doc impressin?
Doc is this, Doc is that
you got the wrong impression
you must be on the cockadock cause Doc left you all guessin
so DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record (What?)
we gonna have this muthafucka hoppin in a second (uh huh)
that's why we always save the best cut last
to make the scratch and mix for it like fresh cut glass
We swam with the sharks, wrestled with alligators
spoke to an generation of angry teenagers whom if it wasn't for rap
to bridge the gap may be raised to be racists
who may have never got to see our faces
grace the cover of Rollin Stone pages
broke down barriers of language and races
just call on the caped crusaders and leave it to me and Dre
to pass the mic don't need ta play back and forth like 
the hot potato game or somethin

(Chorus)

50 Cent come on!
Now snap, hands up
you know how we do, we make the club jump everywhere we go
it's no secret, everybody know 
when Dre's involved there's plenty of money involved 
and plenty honeys involved 
it's sunny Sundays and palm trees, Cali
every day is just another party from The Valleys
all the way to the "make my" alleys, let's rally
Hands up for the Grand Finale
now raise up out your seat, Dre's about to speak
blaze a pound of weed 6 days about the week
you can catch me in the studio bangin out the beatsta
provide ya with the heat that keep blazin out the speakers 
so never say never cause Shady Aftermath together along with G-Unit 
records presents the return of the "The Doc" (O'Shay)
no one can do it better we tear that club up and leave without a shred of evidence
and a...

(Chorus)

yeah! haha Still Aftermath 2006!
And don't worry bout that Detox Album... it's comin! 
We gonna make Dre do it. Ha ha! 
50 Cent  G-Unit---Lyrics submitted by Sandi.



Submit Corrections



 
