

Lil Wayne:
Always strapped when I hit the club niggaz give me dat bitches give me hugs and since im paid niggaz be muggin? me u know im muggin? back niggaz be muggin? me u know im muggin? back

(yezziirr)
Check me out hod? up
26 inches bitch was sittin? croocked. Old school chevy? faster den a silver bullet. Strawberry paint seats vanilla puddin? 2 bitches goin? at eachothers pussy. Top chopped sent da car to a barbershop. My driveway looks somethin? like a parkin? lot. Im so unorthodox I got your bitch ridin? my dick wit no shox.
(Bounce bitch bounce bounce)
Im the hottest shit jumping out the coffe pot man im just tryin? to get my spot like a polka dot. Lil? cush make my eyes and my shoulders drop, lil syrup and I can make the soda pop, keep talkin n I can make my soldiers pop, real niggaz ridin? wit me till the motor? stop, I got these hoes straight livin? out the soap op. I got a couple like a coat on. (ok)

(chorus)
Always strapped when I hit the club niggaz give me dat bitches give me hugs and since im paid niggaz be muggin? me u know im muggin? back niggaz be muggin? me u know im muggin? back

Always strapped when I hit the club niggaz give me dat bitches give me hugs and since im paid bitches be lovin? me they know I love em? back bitches be lovin? me they know I love em? back

Birdman:
Put the K in the car while we ridin? blazed, put the chop n the pussy in the driveway. Bet the house on the youngen n we got paid. Triple colors on the bikes n the new mercedes?. Bustin keys on they ass while we got paid. But my tens ridein? hot to an open bay, uptown made man out the hard way crap in the bucket 50 shots bitch make a way.
(like father like son)
Ball till? ya fall stuntin wit them paper plates, throw hundreds on them hoes while we eatin stakes. We in the club poppin? bottles like ?erday. We grind for the shine nigga getting? big money. Got a fleet tossin? chicken nigga get cake, im on his island with this power like scarface. Im in the impala dropped top chawwnky ice man birdman rockin? red monkeys

(chorus)
Always strapped when I hit the club niggaz give me dat bitches give me hugs and since im paid niggaz be muggin? me u know im muggin? back niggaz be muggin? me u know im muggin? back
Always strapped when I hit the club niggaz give me dat bitches give me hugs and since im paid bitches be lovin? me they know I love em? back bitches be lovin? me they know I love em? back---Lyrics submitted by Leandra.



Submit Corrections



 
