

Look, look, look...
A young nigga screamin' fuck the world and let 'em die,
Behind tents, tryna' duck the world and smoke and ride,
Got my bandana 'round my head and pants to my feet,
And got my eyes fire red and glocks on my seat,
I'm tryna' stay under intoxication,
Cause I lost my father, and got a daughter, plus I'm on probation,
I'm drinkin liquor like it's water, gettin' pissy drunk,
And stayin' away from them lil' broads that tryin to get me sunk,
I keep a choppa in the trunk, and my heat on my waistline,
Duckin' the law, 'cause I ain't tryna' do no FED time,
Sometimes I jus' wish I could be away,
But I gotta take care of Janae and keep Macita straight,
So I just maintain the struggle and I keep tryin,
But how can I when my closest people keep dyin,
I ain't lyin, and the law tryna' bust my clique,
But I scream "Fuck the world man, I'm too young for this.."

[HOOK] 2x
Look, I don't curse, but in this verse, man fuck the world,
I lost my father to the gun and made a little girl,
And I'm still thuggin' with my niggas tryna' keep it real,
And I'm still doin' for my mother and I'm payin' bills,

Give me a cigarette, my nerves bad,
The FEDs said they heard that I know where them birds at,
And my old lady say she saw me with anotha pigeon,
And some lil' boys shot up my block and now I gotta kill 'em,
And teachers keep tellin' my mamma that I'm gettin' worse,
And now she trippin' talkin' bout I need to be in church,
And my lil' girl, whole family tryna' lie in court..
Tryna' put me, a child, on child support..
And my own family deny me of what I do 'cause I'm a thugs and stuff,
Plus, my niggas keep fallin' to them drugs and stuff,
That dope got these niggas meltin away,
Man they got clowns right around me, killin' they self everyday,
We keep fightin' but they so strong,
I know it's hard but don't give up, Baby, hold on,
Just keep ya fate, count blessings, and whodi, keep ya trust,
And grab ya nuts and let 'em know that we don't give a fuck,
We don't give a fuck...

[HOOK 2x]

I mean this world just ain't gon' never change,
So I just keep my head up and my nuts, let 'em hang,
Dogg, I swear it's very rough out here for the youngsta's,
Like everybody against me 'cause I'm a young thug,
Dear Rabbit, why they had to kill Rabbit?
But I'ma keep you alive, nigga, I'm Lil' Rabbit,
That's why this lil' nigga be thuggin' like there's no tomorrow,
I only can depend on Macita and C-M-R'r,
I try my best to make it through the night and live today,
But I'm upset, so I'm steady wipin' tears away,
And police got me under surveilance, when and wherever,
Wreckin' they brains, tryna' figure where I'm gettin the cheddar,
I tell my family just leave me a'damn-lone,
I can handle all'a my business, this lil' man grown,
But I try and forget about it and just stand strong,
But if everything was cool, I wouldn't write this damn song..
Fuck the world!

[HOOK 3x]
Look, I don't curse but in this verse..
Man, fuck the world...---Lyrics submitted by Leandra.



Submit Corrections



 
