

Takin peeps down, call me Salester, makin haters frown, call me malesta, talkin bout clowns, 50 cent!!!! haha, yeah. im in da builin, yall niggas in a tent. Im black like tar,and its true, I feel like a star, the kind you bow down to. Tigger's head in the toilet, lookin for Pooh? I win, bitch, you loose. Im da king, your the royal fool. (That was just a free style by Austin Banks, heres the real song.)

[Lil Wayne]
sound like my mic is right
ugh,
I am not a human
shout to all my move men
Daddy call me tune
got them b-tches tuned in
its a crazy world so I stay in mine
and n-ggas don't cross the line
n-ggas stay in line
like welfare I stay elsewhere
hotter than a devil, n-gga hell yeah
roc-a-bye baby, homocide baby
thats more tear drops call me cry baby
what you talkin' bout tell it to my nine
cut your tongue out, mail it to your moms
I'm a young God, swagga un-flawed
b-tch Im in the building, you in the front yard
lifes a b-tch yeah, better yet a dumb broad
and I bet I can f-ck the World and make it cum hard
yeah you boys is washed up
and I'm sh-ttin on em like two girls and one cup
weezy baby aka bring the money home
pull out the AK and pop ya in ya funny bone
laugh now die later muthaf-cker
you's a b-tch like zeta phi beta muthaf-cker

[Chorus]
Yeah, I call it how I see ya
I wish I never met ya, i wouldn't wanna be ya
p-ssy ass n-gga I don't wnat your gonorrhea
p-ssy ass n-gga I don't wnat your gonorrhea
Yeah, I call it how I see ya
I wish I never met ya, i wouldn't wanna be ya
p-ssy ass n-gga I don't wnat your gonorrhea
p-ssy ass n-gga I don't wnat your gonorrhea

[Lil Wayne]
Man I'm so tired of ballin I sleep a lot now
I'll let my goons rush ya like Moscow
gon at ya eyebrow pow pow
man I ball hard even with 5 fouls
yeah we in this b-tch like tampon's
dump ya in the woods now get ya camp on
choke hold around this b-tch cause I'm so hands on
I get so high polo sheets is what I lands on
back against the wall my two feet is what I stand on
diva in the room she blowin me just like a band horn
got her on her knees the same knees that she be prayin' on
now she just text her girlfriend with a capital, You can join
yeah, what y'all wanna do I'm all ears
smoking on that head band call that sh-t Paul Pearce
I'm just so ahead of my time like dog years
ball like Solange, India Arie, Britney Spears

[Chorus]

[Drake]
I aaaaaam, spending much more than I'm making on these cars and these vacations
is that too much information?
I just bought a Lambourghini, Im not even into racing
with a windshield full of tickets cuz I live right by the station
I aaaaam, tryna figure out why you so mad at me
yes I'm with Young Money tell the magazine stop asking me
I be with the dread with the tattoo's on his head
and a flag the colour red like a f-cking low battery (ok)
n-gga peep the sh-t I'm wylin' on
I be with your baby momma you be with your child at home
Big Mo, Big Red, two cups made of styrofoam
big cheese big bread call that sh-t a calzone
I will break your f-cking collar bone
us agianst the World better pick which side you on
Wayne got a Bugatti that he steady putting mileage on
and we about to kill em C4 Mr Carters home.

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, I call it how I see ya
I wish I never met ya, I wouldn't wanna be ya
we some asshole n-ggas call us diarrhea
the money keep growing yep
its gorwing like a chea
yeah, I call it how I see it
y'all some p-ssy ass n-ggas we should call ya gonorrhea
uh, you keep tlakin' that sh-t I'mma see ya
kill ya senorita and and f-ck ya mama mia!
[End]---Lyrics submitted by Austin.



Submit Corrections



 
