

(HOOK)
Hoes! Lets just talk about Hoes!
Can we talk about Hooooooeeeeesss Hooooooeeeeesss!
Repeat

Mannie: Lets Go

Wayne:
You gotta talk like a pimp
What's good mama, you knew betta you, you do betta, who betta than that nigga with that crisp white tee, icy white sneaks, jeans to a betta
You do betta gettin' yo' ass off up in that Coupe bitch
Sit yo' ass on that new leather and regroup bitch
It's only me and you bitch on our way to the stu
I'm the Birdman Jr you aint know?
And don't gimmie that silly bullshit about you aint hoe
I move you to me city put yo' ass in UNO
I have you lokin pretty hit the Ave now get the do'
That Gucci gon' fit ya like ya supposed to be in pictures
I got computer love baby Wayne will change ya image
You need Weezy them other boys just gimicks
Me I'm just game, green ,and srait physics
Is you wit it?
And I aint even tryna hit, imma get it when it's time to get it
Lets talk about...

(HOOK)

Mannie:
I gat this rat named Shelly that love Makavelli
Number five combo meals and splashin' K-Y Jelly
How a old school shorty still drink a forty
Grab the mic, start a fight, and fuck up the whole party
Baby you should leave
Adjust yo' weave
That's velcro (HELL NO)
Bitch go wit Steve
Got this lead singer bitch from a popular group
I would say her name but she bought me a Coupe
Got this Hoover hoe Shawnna, smell like marijuanna
How she dig Lil-Wayne but she love the Big Tymer
Got pretty girl Patrice found out Iim fuckin' her neice
Tried to stab her so I grabbed he and we called the police
"Mr. Offica' the bitch than lost it bru, she goin to jail? O' well I'll be fuckin' hu'"
Seen two dike spanish twins
Nuts pressed on they chins
Will we go video?
Well nigga that depends

(HOOK)

Wayne:
Yeah what up Young Mall, Young-Jay, YEAH
I gat old school bitches and new school hoes
Female basketball playas with cornrows
And I don't like short haired girls no not really
If I do she gotta looke like to old Halle Berry
Or the broke Toni Braxton
The 1st Lil-Kim
But I still take hood-rats and work with them
Put ya ass in tha Jag and I'll jerk it quick
Give ya' ass a lil game if ya smerk ya' in
I', a pimp not a simp
Like ice in my drink
And I don't think twice to bling 'cause I'm focused
Rollin' in a white-ass Mink like a polar bear
Yeah, Let down my hair
Get jazzy on a bitch like Fred is there
Rose-Gold in her face get her red as glare
My Bently Plum
My Mercedes Pear
I am lookin' for a freak mama take me there yeah

(HOOK)

Wayne Talkin' during Hook---Lyrics submitted by Leandra.



Submit Corrections



 
